c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Diagnostic.nuspec
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\tools\install.ps1
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\tools\uninstall.ps1
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Framework.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Engine.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Build.Utilities.Core.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.pdb
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.Desktop.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Collections.Immutable.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.AttributedModel.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Convention.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Hosting.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.Runtime.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Composition.TypedParts.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\bin\Debug\System.Reflection.Metadata.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\obj\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\obj\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.Resources.resources
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\obj\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\obj\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.dll
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\obj\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.xml
c:\users\admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test\obj\Debug\ObasAnalyzerVB.Test.pdb
